README.md, before:

# 🌦️ SkyCast: The Ultimate Flutter Weather App ☀️

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API?color=FFC300&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API/stargazers)
[![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter)](https://flutter.dev/)

## 🌟 Overview

**SkyCast** is a modern, feature-rich weather application built with **Flutter** and **Dart**. It provides comprehensive and accurate weather forecasts, offering users a beautiful, intuitive interface to check the weather conditions for any city worldwide. The app is designed for a seamless user experience, complete with both stunning Light and Dark theme options.

## ✨ Key Features

This application goes beyond basic forecasts, providing all the critical information a user needs at a glance:

* **📍 Global Search:** Easily find the weather for any **City Name** you enter.
* **🌡️ Detailed Current Weather:** Displays temperature in **Degree Centigrade**, **Humidity**, **Wind Speed**, and **Maximum Temperature**.
* **🌐 Location Context:** Clearly shows the **City Name** and the **Country** in which the city resides.
* **⏰ 24-Hour Forecast:** A comprehensive, hourly breakdown of the day's weather.
* **📅 Extended Forecast:** A unique weekly forecast showing both the **previous 7 days** and the **next 7 days** of weather data.
* **🎨 Dynamic Themes:** Full support for both beautiful **Light** and sleek **Dark** theme options.
* **🖼️ Visual Condition:** Clear visual indicators for weather status (e.g., **Sunny, Rainy, Windy, Cloudy**).

## 📸 App Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3805e9c3-65a4-4ba0-b4e0-198ee82e6ce3" alt="SkyCast App Screenshots" width="350" height="250">
</p>

## ⬇️ Download & Installation

The fastest way to experience the app is to download the pre-compiled application package.

| Platform | Download Link |
| :---: | :---: |
| **Android APK** | [![Download APK](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD%20APP-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](YOUR_APK_DOWNLOAD_LINK_HERE) |
| **Other** | Coming Soon |

> **⚠️ Note:** Please replace `YOUR_APK_DOWNLOAD_LINK_HERE` with the direct link to your compiled APK or GitHub release asset.

***

### ⚙️ Tech Stack & Tools

| Category | Technology |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Frontend Framework** | **Flutter** |
| **Language** | **Dart** |
| **Backend Data** | A Reliable **Weather API** |
| **IDE** | **VS Code** |
| **Version Control** | **GitHub** |

### 🛠️ Running Locally (For Developers)

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone [https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API.git](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API.git)
    cd Weather-App-With-API
    ```
2.  **Install Dependencies:**
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
    ```
3.  **Configure API Key:**
    * Obtain a free API key from your chosen Weather API provider (e.g., OpenWeatherMap, WeatherStack).
    * Set up the key in your project's configuration (e.g., in a `.env` file or directly in the constants, based on your current implementation).
4.  **Run the app:**
    ```bash
    flutter run
    ```

## 🤝 Contribution

This project is **Open Source**! Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1.  Fork the Project.
2.  Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3.  Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4.  Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5.  Open a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

Distributed under the **MIT License**. See `LICENSE` for more information.

***
*Developed with ❤️ by [Usman-bin-Khalid](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid)*

Commit message:

Update Android APK link and note in README
Updated the Android APK download link and modified the note for clarity.

README.md, after:

# 🌦️ SkyCast: The Ultimate Flutter Weather App ☀️

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API?color=FFC300&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API/stargazers)
[![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framework-Flutter-02569B?style=for-the-badge&logo=flutter)](https://flutter.dev/)

## 🌟 Overview

**SkyCast** is a modern, feature-rich weather application built with **Flutter** and **Dart**. It provides comprehensive and accurate weather forecasts, offering users a beautiful, intuitive interface to check the weather conditions for any city worldwide. The app is designed for a seamless user experience, complete with both stunning Light and Dark theme options.

## ✨ Key Features

This application goes beyond basic forecasts, providing all the critical information a user needs at a glance:

* **📍 Global Search:** Easily find the weather for any **City Name** you enter.
* **🌡️ Detailed Current Weather:** Displays temperature in **Degree Centigrade**, **Humidity**, **Wind Speed**, and **Maximum Temperature**.
* **🌐 Location Context:** Clearly shows the **City Name** and the **Country** in which the city resides.
* **⏰ 24-Hour Forecast:** A comprehensive, hourly breakdown of the day's weather.
* **📅 Extended Forecast:** A unique weekly forecast showing both the **previous 7 days** and the **next 7 days** of weather data.
* **🎨 Dynamic Themes:** Full support for both beautiful **Light** and sleek **Dark** theme options.
* **🖼️ Visual Condition:** Clear visual indicators for weather status (e.g., **Sunny, Rainy, Windy, Cloudy**).

## 📸 App Screenshots

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3805e9c3-65a4-4ba0-b4e0-198ee82e6ce3" alt="SkyCast App Screenshots" width="350" height="250">
</p>

## ⬇️ Download & Installation

The fastest way to experience the app is to download the pre-compiled application package.

| Platform | Download Link |
| :---: | :---: |
| **Android APK** | [![Download APK](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOWNLOAD%20APP-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API/releases/download/Weather_App/app-release.apk) |
| **Other** | Coming Soon |

> **✅ Note:** Tap the **DOWNLOAD APP** button above to instantly get the latest Android APK.

***

### ⚙️ Tech Stack & Tools

| Category | Technology |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Frontend Framework** | **Flutter** |
| **Language** | **Dart** |
| **Backend Data** | A Reliable **Weather API** |
| **IDE** | **VS Code** |
| **Version Control** | **GitHub** |

### 🛠️ Running Locally (For Developers)

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone [https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API.git](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid/Weather-App-With-API.git)
    cd Weather-App-With-API
    ```
2.  **Install Dependencies:**
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
    ```
3.  **Configure API Key:**
    * Obtain a free API key from your chosen Weather API provider (e.g., OpenWeatherMap, WeatherStack).
    * Set up the key in your project's configuration (e.g., in a `.env` file or directly in the constants, based on your current implementation).
4.  **Run the app:**
    ```bash
    flutter run
    ```

## 🤝 Contribution

This project is **Open Source**! Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1.  Fork the Project.
2.  Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3.  Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4.  Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5.  Open a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

Distributed under the **MIT License**. See `LICENSE` for more information.

***
*Developed with ❤️ by [Usman-bin-Khalid](https://github.com/Usman-bin-Khalid)*
